---
title: Recently
date: 2021-09-16
layout: markdown.njk
permalink: "/recently/september-2021/"
tags: weeknotes
---

# Recently

Mid month publishing for a beginning of month practice.
It's fine.

The past month was a rollercoaster of COVID exposures.
Each kid was quarantined from school, in subsequent weeks.
Through it all, we had no contraction of the virus.
Everyone is healthy, and we're having a lot of fun at home.

Children being in school is a completely new phase of life.
Mornings of readying together are sweet.
As is the silence after they've departed.
Long walks fill the morning, starting the day right.

## This Site

I've been slowly tinkering on [/books](/books).
Having a bookshelf of sorts on the personal site has been an idea for a long time.
After gathering old reviews from various sources, creating an index page, and a show page, it's "shippable".
I'm particularly happy with the responsive table on the index page.

The links to indie book stores feel like a bit of a virtue signal.
I still buy books on Kindle, and paperbacks off Amazon.
I'm a work in progress.

## RSS

I've continued building an RSS reader.
It's a fun hobby project.
For the longest time I've been in that exploratory thrashing mode of development.
This past week I actually setup a test harness, allowing for some test driven development.
Importing of OPML files is dramatically improved with this new workflow.

Which reminds me... I need to setup RSS for this site. 😬

## Running

I began running in July of this year.
My goal is to run a mile without stopping, and not feel terrible.
Considering the two month horizon, I feel like progress is a bit slow.
But the last time I tried to run (2015?) I tried to progress way to fast, and felt it in my knees.
So this slow progression is progress.
